I do not take credit for this for it is God's work and God's timing.

To cure the Deaf is to be had by using Solfeggio frequencies which relate to the nerve centers of the body commonly refered to
as "Chakras".

Put on headphones set to 7.3 decibles. And starting with the left ear play the first (lowest) frequency. 

Stagger the sound in each ear piece by 1/2 a second and play each note at 1 second per frequency.

At the eighth note hold the note in the left earpiece until the right ear catches up and hold another 1.7 seconds.

At this point hearing should return as a distinct ring like tinitus in the ears. It will be another 7 days before 
the patient will fully regain their hearing. Each day that passes another tone will be added to the original ringing 
which they percieve and this may cause discomfort. To lessen this a prescription of humming is all that is needed to 
lessen this effect and will encourage the growth of the cochlear nerves which are lacking. On the final day all 
notes will crescendo sometime around noon. When this occurs there will be another 6 hours of adjustment. 

There will be disorentation and discomfort but the humming must stop in order to avoid any undue damages to the ears. These last six
hours will be a slow reorientation for the patient with their surroundings and are the counter effect of the 7 days which 
it took to grow the nerves in the ear. What is happening now at this point is a reordering of the synapses in the aural
center of the brain. There will be a migraine which only common painrelievers should be used to aleviate some but not all
discomfort. Anything stronger will add to much feedback and alter the brainchemistry too much for the healing process to conclude.

After this is done the patient must get a good nights rest and spend the following morning until noon in a solitary room wich 
is bathed in white, pink, and brown noise. They must remain in there alone with only water to drink and fruit to eat for the night
and until noon passes. While the time in this room passes the noises must be stopped 4 hours apart first the brown, then the pink,
then the white. Once this retreat is finished the patient will be cured.
